Let's talk about concrete equations as far as boosting is concerned.
So in the previous lecture we have been talking about a concrete example a concrete illustration of
how Boorstein Gabbidon works.
The basic principle is that we keep combining the learners and we are going to the no Ds weak learner
learners we age x.
So each learners knows just a little fraction of the space what does it mean exactly.
This is what we have been talking about in the previous lecture that for example the first age X classifier
is able to separate these yellow dots from the green dot.
So it knows this region of the space the next age X week learner knows another region of the space basically
it knows how to separate this yellow dot from all the other green dots.
OK then the next week learner knows this region of the space which means that it knows how to separate
this yellow dot from all the green dots.
So the final capital Ajax model which is a strong classifier is equal to the sum of the learners.
OK we use some outer parameters in order to be able to control these age X we learners.
So if Alpha II equals to zero it means that we don't care about age sub X we learner if Alpha Sabai
is equals to 1.
It means that these age Sabai x week learner is an important classifier and of course we have to use
this sine function which is plus 1 if x is greater than zero and the minus 1 if X is smaller than 0
you may pose the question at why is it good.
Because usually we are not dealing with colors as labels so we don't have yellow color and green color.
We have plus 1 and minus small labels instead.
OK so we can assign a plus 1 and minus one for the output classes instead of yellow and green.
And that's why this sine function can prove to be very important because it is going to return EDAR
plus one or minus one such as the output classes.
OK so this is the final formula.
We have to use that strong the classifier capital Ajax is equal to the sum of the week learners.
And we have to use some outer perimeters in order to control these week learners.
OK then we are going to have D-Wade parameters.
This is what we have been discussing as well that we are going to assign a w weight parameter to every
single sample in the data set because we would like to make sure that the boosting algorithm will know
that what are the important samples.
So for example in this iteration boosting algorithm will increase double you weight paramita for four
days.
Misclassified item and why is it good.
Because in the next iteration boosting we'll know that this is the important sample.
So it is going to classify this sample and it is not going to bother with all the other samples.
We did louvered uate paramita.
So this is why we have to assign a w weight parameter to every single sample in the dataset.
OK so it is extremely important to see that outer parameters have something to do with the age X we
learners we are going to assign an alpha parameter to every single week learner and we are going to
assign a double you wait Peramivir to every single sample in the data set of course at the beginning
we are going to initialize all the W parameter as we want to divide by an hour.
Another important fact is that we have to make sure that some of these double I wait paramita as is
E-Class do on.
So we make sure that this is a distribution.
OK then we are able to calculate the error which is going to be the sum of double you educates as far
as the misclassify data points are concerned.
OK so for example in the first iteration there are two misclassified yellow dots.
So basically we just have to get the W.
Wait parameter of this item the W weight parameter of this item and the sum of the weight parameter
is of the misclassified items is going to yield the error rate.
OK so the error is equal to the sum of W Sabai as far as the misclassified data samples are concerned.
OK so reargue rhythm is rather simple.
We have to initialize the weights at the beginning.
This is what we have been discussing that we don't know what our important samples and not that important
sample so that's why every single sample in the dataset will have double you all you want.
Divide by N where N is the number of samples in the original dataset.
Then we have to pick an age X week learner that minimizes the error term.
So the error is equal to the sum of the weights as far as the misclassified items are concerned.
And we have to pick this age X we learner with the smallest error term.
OK.
If we have this error term we are able to calculate the Alpha.
And this is the formula we have to use our first sup T.
So Alpha in that t iteration is equal to 1 divided by 2 logarithm of one liners the error term.
Divide by the error term you may pose the question that why do we have to use this indices because these
are the values in that the iteration.
So we have to calculate the alpha then we have to updated the W weight parameters.
What extremely important is that this Alpha has something to do with the age x a week learner.
So this is the coefficients right next to the Ajax week learner and double your weight has something
to do with the samples in the dataset.
And this is the formula we have to use.
We are going to talk about that in the coming lectures.
What's very important that on every iteration we order a new age X we learner to the final model.
This is exactly what we have been discussing in a previous lecture in the first iteration.
We used the first age X we learner then in the next iteration we have another week learner.
Then in the next iteration we have another week learner and finally we have to combine these weak classifiers
in order to end up with a stronger classification algorithm.
OK so basically we just have to use some iteration in order to update the ADD or value the alpha value
and the way to value.
This is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture.
Thanks for watching.